suggest an alternative tool for installing qemu emulators (#784)
chainguard-dev/edu: content/open-source/melange/troubleshooting.md

docker run --rm --privileged multiarch/qemu-user-static --reset -p yes
```

> or you can use the following as an alternative approach, they both will do the same thing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An alternate approach to achieve the same result is to run the following command:
```
